real footage somebody like me okay
today there's a lesson plan numerator
and denominator some love here and give
me positive or negative members be
really positive for now hi yes yes all
right whatever around the board take it
[Applause]
um excuse you yes sometimes launching it
in like about an hour we just started
[Applause]
yes can bathroom know
um yes I really have to believe that and
you can hold it faith in emergency you
can also much peace out
what are you doing you're not here
Oh
today lesson plan is adding with numbers
oh excuse me yes is it positive or
negative numbers positive
okay so two plus two is here wrong dang
it
okay Boober